hi guys I'm tiny today I will be showing
you how to make dry the bucket box
you will need some cupcakes orange candy
melts frosting start sprinkles and
lollipop sticks
I have pre-made sub cupcakes if you have
a food processor or a grater or any tool
that's easier for you to break them down
then that's really cool and you can go
ahead and use that if not what you do is
you just take two cupcakes and rub them
against each other and then that works
just as well
once you broke your cake apart we're
gonna go ahead and add the frosting I
did 6 cupcakes which was half my batch
so I'm only gonna use have that saga
this is the messy part
I'm going to use an ice cream scoop so
that on my cake pops have pretty much
the same size but you can just get your
hands as long as you try to make them as
even as possible
after we're done we're gonna have put
them in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes
while their pops are in the freezer
we're gonna go ahead and melt their camp
we're gonna put it in a microwave safe
container and we're gonna melt it in 30
second intervals we're going to dip that
on a puck stick into our melted candy
and we're gonna insert it into our cake
box
we're gonna take our cake pop and we're
gonna dip it in for melt just give it a
good couple twirls you know so that it's
all nice and even after we're done
dipping our cake pops into the candy
melts we can start decorating I actually
didn't find any red star sprinkles so
that's okay what I did was I found
lighter ones and just brush them with a
little food coloring and then I mean mr.
sprinkles picture that if you're gonna
use your fingers you wear gloves because
it will stain I started with four star
dragon ball because that's the one that
Coco's grandfather capes in him and it's
also the one that Gohan wears in his hat
so it's my favorite
here's our complete bed so we can go
ahead and summon the dragon thank you
guys for watching if you have any
comments or any suggestion please leave
them below if you like the video please
hit like and subscribe thanks again
you